Clean Architecture 
Object-oriented design (OOD) principles by Robert C. Martin

Ref
- https://www.digitalocean.com/community/conceptual-articles/s-o-l-i-d-the-first-five-principles-of-object-oriented-design
- https://medium.com/@mammimia/clean-architecture-part-iv-component-principles-89d3cb58c195

Component Cohesion
------------------

It is an important decision to determine which classes belong to which component. 
When deciding, guidance from a good software engineering principle is needed. 
Three component coupling principles are available:

● REP: The Reuse/Relase Equivalance Principle
REP is a principle that allows us to see the obvious, though a little late. 
People want to reuse a component that they cannot or will not use 
unless they are followed by a process release or a given release number.

● CCP: The Common Closure Principle
SRP is adapted for components. Unlike SRP, it considers that a component should not have multiple reasons to change.
That is, SRP says that if different functions need to change for different reasons,
they should be divided into different classes, 
whereas CCP says that if different classes need to change for different reasons,
they must be divided into different components.

● CRP: The Common Reuse Principle
CRP is another principle used to determine a class or component will belong to which component. 
It argues that classes that are reusable and which will cooperate 
with each other in the reuse phase must be in the same component.

Component Coupling
------------------

There are three principles regarding the relationships between components:

● ADP: Acyclic Dependencies Principle
Above is a specific component structure of an application. 
There is no cycle in this graph structure which is a directional graph. 
Therefore, it is called directed acyclic graph.

● SDP: Stable Dependencies Principle
It becomes difficult to change a software component when many other components depend on it. 
In order to change any property of this component, it is necessary to do so in accordance with all dependent components. 
Therefore, components that have a large number of dependent components are considered very stable.

● SAP: Stable Abstractions Principle
Stable Abstraction Principle (SAP) provides a relationship between stability and abstractness. 
On the one hand, it says that the stable component should be abstact, 
so it doesn’t prevent it from being extended, on the other hand, 
it says that the unstable component must be concrete and unstable, and also that concrete code should be easily modified.